How I unfrick my software project estimation process

How often do you mess up your deadlines ?
Why is estimation so nervous and stressed ?
I'm already 6 years in Software Engineering. Almost Everyday I encounter with estimation process. I do investigate, do discover, I ask a ton of a questions for get more details about projects.
I put all risks in final estimation.

Sometimes we do estimate with my team and it shows better result in the end.

But anyway sometimes I am messing up.
It's stressed me.

And... From the bottom of my heard I hate the estimation process.
it's stress.
if you overestimate you can lose your client or your job.
if you underestimated you can do the same.

Every time estimation takes peace of your reputation.
I think people who consistently estimate some projects, tasks live less up the 15% then normal people caused by stress.

That's why I decided to change this situation.
I started to use ChatGPT like 'senior software engineer with 10 years old experience'.
I put all what I knew about my project to him.
And just ask to estimate.
And it gave me some estimation. but it was not what I wanted to get. it was not realistic. And I keep asking him more and more details. Told him where was he wrong. And in maybe 6 hours I finally got it.

When I worked in OutSource company that costs us all day and time of 3-4 people to do that.
And It's was most better than nothing.

But I did't stop with it. I supposed I can reduce even that time.
How ?

I took a little team for that. AI team.
I created few Mobile Devs AI Agents(Flutter), few Backend Devs AI Agents, risk analyst, and agent orchestrator who watches all this show.
Why I took two agent for each niche, two mobile dev, to backend dev ?
of course reason is they have to argue each other, dispute, and say each other WTF, Why do you generate that ? Are you dump ?ext.
And also I noticed sonnet 4.5 works much better then GPT-5. Gpt 5 sucks in software estimations.

So and in the end what can I say.
It works.
Now they - generate for me brief. Each AI Agent generates specific questions in his niche.
I just reply all questions, we do 2-3 such round and after that my AI team start to estimate.
Now all this process takes me about 1 hour, perhaps I can do that faster, and even I know how,
But for now, man, listen please carefully
I really hope this post helps you and you can use the same way like me for skip your stress of estimations.

But if you wanna skip even this steps (I understand it might costs you up to 2 weeks)
You can just check out my AI Estimator (here)[link]